**TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE**

**Effective**: 4 July 2020.

The Terms and Conditions of Use ("**Terms**") represent a legally
binding contract between the company you represent ("**Client**"), as
mentioned in the registration flow, and **Innoship Technology SRL**, a
Romanian company, headquartered in the Municipality of Râmnicu Vâlcea,
Petre Gheorghe Govora Entrance no. 3, attic room 2, Vâlcea County,
registered at the Trade Register under no. J38/279/2020, Unique
Identification Code 41214354 (“**Innoship**”, “**we**”, “**us**”,
“**ours**”), as the service provider.

You, as the Client’s representative, represent and warrant to Innoship
that: (_i_) you are the Client’s legal or conventional representative,
(_ii_) you have full power to enter into these Terms in the name and on
behalf of the Client, (_iii_) you are not subject to any prohibitions on
concluding these Terms in accordance with the applicable law, (_iv_) the
information provided at registration is correct and complete.

Please read these Terms carefully. By accepting the Terms and completing
the registration process, the Client agrees to be bound by these Terms
and to comply with all obligations under these Terms.

Innoship and the Client shall be hereinafter jointly referred to as the
"**Parties**" and individually as the "**Party**".

1.  **DEFINITIONS**

“**Affiliate**” means any entity or person which controls, or is
controlled by, or which is controlled by an entity or person which
controls, one entity, with "control" in this context meaning the
ownership directly or indirectly of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
participation titles or voting rights in an entity or the ability to
direct the management or policies of an entity through ownership of
voting shares or other securities;

“**Business Day**” means Monday to Friday, except for legal holidays in
Romania, between 9:00 AM and 6:00 PM Eastern European Time (EET);

“**Change of Control**” means any change in the control or identity of a
Party, be it direct or indirect, including without limitation, by sale
of all or a substantial portion of the assets of such Party, merger,
material change in control and management of such Party or otherwise;

“**Confidential Information**” means all information, in whatever form,
that is not generally available to third parties or the public,
including without limitation, all research, data, specifications,
technical information, devices, concepts, compilations, programs,
designs, tooling, plans, drawings, prototypes, models, documents,
recordings, instructions, manuals, papers, business practices and
strategies, financial information, business plans, know-how, inventions
(whether patentable or not), techniques, processes, methods of doing
business, software, personnel data, contracts, purchase requirements,
forecasts and market strategies, data on equipment sold and serviced,
production process plans, product specifications and formulas, methods,
technical and product bulletins, surveys, research and development
programs, sales reports, or other materials, of any nature or embodiment
whatsoever written or otherwise, relating to these Terms, as well as the
existence of these Terms and their content;

“**Courier**” means any of the couriers and delivery services available
in the Software and used at any time by a Client under their contracts
with those couriers or delivery service providers;

“**GDPR**” means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and
of The Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons
with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement
of such data;

“**Infrastructure**” means collectively all software and hardware
requirements (_e.g._, physical server, web server, virtual machines,
etc.) which are necessary for installation and optimal operation of the
Software. The Infrastructure can be owned, licensed or managed by
Innoship;

“**Intellectual Property Rights**” means any registered and unregistered
rights in inventions, patents, patent applications, design rights,
copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain name rights,
mask work rights, know-how, and other trade secrets rights, and all
other proprietary rights, derivatives thereof, and all forms of
protection of a similar nature under any applicable law, anywhere in the
world;

“**Professional Services**” means any consultancy services and/or other
professional services (_other than providing access to the Software_)
which Innoship may provide to the Client on the basis of a separate
agreement, as it will be described in that agreement.

“**Recipient**” means the Party to which Confidential Information is
disclosed;

“**Representatives**” means collectively any employees, officers,
agents, and representatives, group companies, including subsidiaries and
affiliates of a Party;

“**SLA**” means the Service Level Agreement and response times, as
described in the annexes;

“**Software**” means the transport software solution, also called a
“_multi-carrier shipping software solution_”, developed and owned by
Innoship, including any other modules, custom libraries, embedded
applications and other customizations and/or updates in the source code
provided to the clients as a cloud software application (_Software as a
Service - SaaS_). The features, functionalities and specifications of
the Software are described in the Tariff Plan and/or Software
Documentation, if any;

“**Software Documentation**” means any information, whether in printed
form or otherwise, including, without limitation, any requirements
manual, technical manual, user manual, instruction manual or any other
such information related to the Software, made available by Innoship to
the public, if appropriate;

“**Software** **Terms of Use**” means the terms of use accepted by users
designated by the Client at their first interaction with the Software;

“**Tariff Plan**” means the document provided to the Client in the
registration flow, an integral part of these Terms, which shows the
price for the use of the Software and the available facilities;

“**Terms**” means this Terms and Conditions of Use and includes the
annexes, as well as any further amendments agreed and signed by the
Parties.

2.  **USE OF THE SOFTWARE**

    1.  By accepting these Terms, the Client and, as the case may be,
        the user, acknowledge and agree that they enter into a
        contractual relationship with Innoship regarding the use by the
        Client and the operation by any of the users designated by the
        Client of the Software provided by Innoship. The Client
        acknowledges and accepts that Innoship is not an intermediary of
        the Couriers used by the Client, but only manages, within the
        limits of the Software's functionalities, the contracts
        concluded between the Client and each of the Couriers that the
        Client has activated on the platform based on the contracts
        agreed with each of them.

    2.  At no time will Innoship be considered an agent of any of the
        Couriers used and activated by the Client through the Software,
        and Innoship does not accept any responsibility for the
        performance by the Couriers of the services agreed by the Client
        with each of them and ordered through the Software. Although it
        will be able to assist the Client in setting up the Client
        account, Innoship is not responsible at any time for the
        correctness or completeness of the data entered by the Client
        regarding the entity and identifiers of the Client, data,
        identifiers and user rights (including users with administration
        rights over the Client's account) or of the relevant data from
        the contracts concluded by them with the Couriers. The Client is
        responsible at all times for this data, as well as for updating
        it in accordance with the agreements concluded with the
        Couriers, except for proven errors caused by the Software.

    3.  Innoship grants the Client a limited, non-exclusive and
        revocable permission to use the Software, in accordance with the
        facilities and costs specified in the Tariff Plan, as well as a
        limited, non-exclusive and revocable license to use the Software
        Documentation, to the extent strictly necessary to access and
        use the Software in optimal conditions. To avoid any doubts,
        except if otherwise provided in these Terms, nothing herein
        shall be interpreted as to imply any transfer or license of any
        Intellectual Property Rights of Innoship with regards to the
        Software.

    4.  Access to the Software and any associated features will be
        granted to the Client in accordance with the commercial
        specifications agreed in these Terms, Tariff Plan, SLA and/or
        Software Documentation made available to the Client, if
        applicable.

    5.  Innoship undertakes to ensure the adequate and necessary
        Infrastructure for the functioning of the Software, shall manage
        the Infrastructure and shall ensure that the Client has fully
        functional access to the Software. Any additional support
        obligations shall be provided and further described in the SLA.
        The Client remains solely responsible for the implementation of
        the software and hardware components necessary for accessing the
        Software (_e.g._, installation of a compatible browser, ensuring
        an internet connection, etc.), as well as for their adequate
        configuration.

    6.  The Client undertakes to use the Software in accordance with the
        applicable law and regulations and within the limits provided in
        these Terms, especially the usage limitations provided in
        Article 3 of these Terms.

3.  **USAGE LIMITATIONS**

    1.  The Client undertakes to follow the Software Documentation, as
        well as any guidelines or policies associated with the Software
        and made available to it by Innoship in any way. In this
        respect, the Client shall not misuse or interfere with the
        Software or try to access the Software using a method other than
        the interface provided by Innoship or otherwise than in
        accordance with the instructions and indications provided herein
        and in the Software Documentation.

    2.  The Client is solely responsible for the identification and
        designation of the Software users, and shall be liable for any
        breach by the users of the provisions of these Terms and the
        Software Terms of Use. The Client is responsible to take all
        reasonable steps to prevent any unauthorized access to the
        Software, including without limitation by protecting its
        passwords and other log-in information.

    3.  The Client will notify Innoship immediately of any known or
        suspected unauthorized access to the Software or breach of its
        security and will cooperate with Innoship to remedy such breach
        and limit any negative consequences deriving therefrom.

    4.  The following actions are restricted to the Client while
        accessing or using the Software:

        1.  to access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the
            Software or Innoship’s Infrastructure;

        2.  to import or copy any local files or data to which the
            Client does not have the legal right to import or copy in
            this manner;

        3.  to distribute, modify, sell, lease, reverse engineer,
            decompile or disassemble the Software or any portion
            thereof, except to the extent permitted by the applicable
            law or with Innoship’s written approval;

        4.  to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or
            network or breach or circumvent any security or
            authentication measures implemented by Innoship;

        5.  to access the Software by any means (automated or otherwise)
            other than through the currently available published
            interfaces which are provided by Innoship;

        6.  to interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the
            access of any user, host or network, including, without
            limitation, by sending a virus, overloading, flooding,
            spamming the Software.

    5.  In any case, the Software should be used according to Innoship’s
        instructions regarding the security measures, by connecting with
        a username and a password. The Client shall not provide access
        to any third party and will closely observe any other user
        access limitations imposed by these Terms or any other
        instructions or agreements concluded between it and Innoship.
        For the purpose of this limitation, third party includes any
        individual other than the one explicitly designated for that
        access account.

    6.  Any breach of the limitations provided hereunder constitutes a
        breach of the contractual obligations of the Client and may lead
        to the suspension or termination by Innoship of the agreement
        concluded under these Terms and to temporary or permanent
        suspension of the Client’s user account. Innoship may audit the
        use by the Client of the Software, with a 5 days prior notice.
        The Client undertakes to grant access and give reasonable
        assistance for the purpose of carrying out such audit, without
        this affecting, without justification, the course of its normal
        business.

4.  **CHANGES TO THE SOFTWARE AND CHANGES TO THE TERMS**

    1.  The Client acknowledges and agrees that Innoship may provide
        regular Software updates, may add or remove certain features of
        the Software, and may discontinue providing the Software or any
        component thereof, at any time, for any purpose, for reasons
        such as optimizing the Software, improving security, complying
        with laws and regulations, and providing an improved overall
        user experience. In the event of substantial changes with a
        negative impact on the Client, the Client will be notified in
        advance, within a reasonable time, of any such changes, in an
        appropriate manner in relation to the specific circumstances,
        _e.g._, by displaying a notification within the Software,
        sending a notification to any of the Client's users and/or
        sending it by any other means of communication, so that the
        Client can analyze the changes and export the data entered in
        the Software, if necessary.

    2.  The Client acknowledges and agrees that Innoship may make
        justified changes to these Terms to reflect updates or
        optimizations to the Software or in other justified cases
        (_e.g., for law enforcement, security reasons, etc._). In the
        event of substantial changes to the Conditions, the Client will
        be notified in advance, within a reasonable time, of any such
        changes, in an appropriate manner in relation to the actual
        circumstances, _e.g._, by displaying a notification within the
        Software, transmitting a notification to any of the Client’s
        users or transmitting it by any other means of communication.

    3.  The notification is exempted if it is not feasible given the
        need to act with the utmost urgency in order to remedy any
        problems identified or to prevent abuse.

    4.  To the extent that the Client does not agree with the changes,
        it may close the user account and stop using the Software.
        Continued use of the Software after changes were made will
        constitute acceptance of any changes to the Software or to these
        Terms.

    5.  Subsequent updates will be included in the future as part of the
        Software’s lifecycle and will be provided by Innoship at no
        additional cost to the Client and without adversely affecting
        the quality of services, security and/or
        functionality/availability of the Software.

    6.  Innoship will not be liable for any temporary unavailability of
        the Software or any components thereof caused by necessary
        updates and/or optimizations.

5.  **PRICE**

    1.  The Client undertakes to pay Innoship a price, for each order
        placed through the Software, the price per order being
        calculated at the end of each calendar month, regardless of
        whether it is complete or fractional, depending on the total
        volume of orders placed through the Software in that month,
        according to the prices and thresholds provided in the Tariff
        Plan. To avoid any doubts, the price is owed by the Client for
        each order processed through the Software (and automatic
        selection of the best courier*)* even if no valid AWB is
        returned, if such order cannot be successfully placed with any
        courier for reasons not attributable to Innoship. Within the
        first 5 (five) days of a month, Innoship shall extract the
        activity report concerning the last month and will issue the
        corresponding invoice for the activity performed by the Client
        during that month, compared to the total volume of orders placed
        by the Client in that month and in accordance with the prices
        and thresholds provided in the Tariff Plan.

    2.  To the extent that the Client, being placed at a higher
        threshold compared to the total volume of orders placed in the
        previous month, benefits from certain additional facilities, as
        provided for in the Tariff Plan, the Client will continue to
        benefit from them, provided that it exceeds that threshold also
        in subsequent consecutive months. For the avoidance of doubt, to
        the extent that in a calendar month the Client does not exceed
        the threshold that attracted the additional facilities, it will
        lose them starting with the next calendar month, and will regain
        them starting with the month following the one in which it
        exceeded that threshold.

    3.  Innoship may decide, in its sole discretion, to offer certain
        periods of free use of the Software, under the conditions and
        with the limitations described in the registration flow. The
        Client may, at any time, opt out of these facilities and use the
        Software in accordance with these Terms.

    4.  Any amounts, owed by the Client under these Terms and the Tariff
        Plan or other agreements in connection with the use of the
        Software, will be paid within 15 days of receipt of the invoice.

    5.  When the fee is agreed in a foreign currency, other than RON
        currency, payment of the fee shall be made in that respective
        currency, unless payment must be made in RON currency under the
        applicable legal provisions, in which case payment of the fee
        shall be made by the Client in RON currency, calculated at the
        exchange rate published by the National Bank of Romania on the
        date of the issuance of the invoice by Innoship.

    6.  In case the Client fails to pay the fee in the term provided in
        these Terms, it shall pay penalties amounting to 0.1% per day of
        delay of the outstanding amount. The total value of penalties
        mentioned above may exceed the amount they are applied on.

    7.  Also, without prejudice to the Client’s obligation to pay late
        fees in accordance with Article 5.6, if the Client does not pay
        the price within the period provided in these Terms, Innoship
        will have the right to suspend the agreement concluded under
        these Terms, to temporarily or permanently suspend access to the
        user account and its use of the Software, until full payment of
        the amounts due, without any further notice or prior
        formalities. Restoration of access will be made within a maximum
        of 5 Business Days from the time the Innoship account was
        credited with the outstanding amounts.

6.  **INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY**

    1.  Innoship warrants and represents to the Client, as a continuous
        warranty throughout the duration of these Terms, that it owns
        all Intellectual Property Rights and licenses related to the
        Software necessary to perform its obligations under these Terms.

    2.  The Client hereby warrants and represents to Innoship, as
        continuous warranty throughout the duration of these terms, that
        it owns all Intellectual Property Rights and/or licenses and
        complies with all applicable legal provisions related to the
        use, in any way, of all images, information, data and/or other
        categories of content and materials uploaded, received, stored
        or otherwise made accessible through the Software. In this
        respect, the Client shall keep harmless and shall indemnify
        Innoship for all costs and damages arising from or in connection
        with the warranty mentioned herein, if such warranty becomes
        invalid and/or untrue or is in any way breached by the Client.

    3.  As regards the relationship between the Parties, the Client
        remains the sole owner of any content, including all
        Intellectual Property Rights with respect to such content,
        uploaded, received, stored or otherwise made accessible through
        the Software.

    4.  The Client grants Innoship a free and non-exclusive,
        geographically unlimited license for the entire duration of the
        Terms for the use, reproduction, modification and/or
        distribution of any content protected by Intellectual Property
        Rights and uploaded, received, stored or otherwise made
        available through Software, strictly for the purpose of
        providing access to the Software.

    5.  With respect to the Client’s name, trade names and trademarks
        (“**Trademarks**”), the Client grants Innoship a free,
        non-exclusive, global license to use, reproduce, display,
        distribute, adapt, modify, create derivative works and to
        operate in any manner, any of the Trademarks, under the
        following conditions:

        1.  Its use does not affect the image or reputation of the
            Client, unless the specific use has been approved in
            advance by the Client;

        2.  Innoship will not modify any of the Client’s Trademarks,
            other than by resizing while maintaining the proportions,
            for the purpose of presentation in the Software, the
            Innoship website or in any other communications of
            Innoship;

        3.  Innoship will comply with and fulfill any request for the
            cessation of a specific use, within a reasonable time,
            unless the Client is not reasonably able to remove a
            specific use, for example, through the technical
            functionalities available to it as a user of the Software.

    6.  The Client declares and acknowledges that any feedback, ideas or
        suggestions related to the Software may be used without any
        limitation or any payment of a price. Any materials protected by
        Intellectual Property Rights derived from such feedback, ideas
        or suggestions will be the sole ownership of Innoship. Innoship
        shall have the right, in any possible manner, to use free of
        charge, disclose, display, distribute, reproduce, modify,
        exploit, transfer or license any ideas, suggestions, comments or
        improvements on which the Client, directly or through its
        agents, may make, regarding any matters, including technical
        ones, with respect to Innoship’s activity or Software.

7.  **TERM AND TERMINATION**

    1.  These Terms will apply throughout the entire use of the Software
        by the Client. The Client may terminate the contractual
        relationship with Innoship at any time, by ceasing to use the
        Software and deleting/deactivating the account.

    2.  Innoship will be able to terminate these Terms and close the
        Client’s user account in the event that the Client fails to
        fulfill any of its obligations under these Terms. The
        termination of the Terms by Innoship may be done without the
        intervention of the court or other formalities, by simple notice
        of termination sent to the Client in this regard, and the Terms
        will cease if the Client does not remedy the violations found in
        the notification within 15 days of receipt. During the
        remediation period, Innoship may suspend the Client’s access to
        the Software.

    3.  Innoship may unilaterally terminate the Terms, without
        justification and without payment of damages, by written notice
        sent to the Client at least 30 days prior to such termination.

    4.  Upon the termination of these Terms, all the rights granted to
        the Client under these Terms shall cease. In this respect, the
        Client shall cease any and all further uses of the Software and
        of other Intellectual Property Rights owned by Innoship, shall
        delete any copies of protected works and shall return any
        equipment provided by Innoship for the purpose of these Terms,
        if any.

    5.  Upon the termination of these Terms, Innoship shall make
        available to the Client any content provided by it through the
        Software. This content will be available for download for a
        maximum period of 60 days after the termination of the Terms and
        will be deleted at the expiry of such period, except if further
        storage is mandatory in accordance with the applicable legal
        provisions.

8.  **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DAMAGES AND PENALTIES**

    1.  To the fullest extent of the applicable law, and in accordance
        with the specifications in the SLA, Innoship shall not be liable
        to the Client for: _(i)_ any failures and/or errors in the
        services provided by third parties in relation to the Software,
        including, but not limited to any providers of cloud services,
        hosting platforms, applications of the couriers, etc.; _(ii)_
        any malfunctions caused by the Client or derived from an
        improper use by its users of the Software.

    2.  Furthermore, Innoship shall not be liable for the impossibility
        to register the order with the couriers, for any reasons other
        than errors in the Software, nor for the accuracy of the data
        within the orders uploaded by the Client in the Software and
        further transmitted by the Software to the couriers.

    3.  To the fullest extent of the applicable law, the maximum
        aggregate liability of Innoship to the Client under or in
        connection with the Terms, whether in contract, tort (including
        negligence), breach of statutory duty or otherwise shall be
        limited to the total price paid to Innoship during the 12 months
        prior to the damages claim.

    4.  The Parties must take reasonable steps to mitigate any loss or
        damage, cost or expense they may suffer or incur arising out of
        anything done or not done by the other Party under or in
        connection with the Terms.

9.  **NO WARRANTY**

    1.  To the maximum extent permitted by the law, the Software is
        provided “_as is_” and “_as available_”, without any express or
        implied warranty of any kind. Innoship gives no warranties and
        makes no representations, without limitation, concerning the
        quality or fitness for a particular purpose.

    2.  Except for the obligations undertaken by Innoship in the SLA,
        Innoship does not guarantee that the service will be provided
        without errors, in a timely manner or that access to the
        Software shall be permanent and uninterrupted.

10. **ANALYSIS AND MONITORING**

    1.  The Client declares and accepts that Innoship may use
        instruments, scripts, software to monitor and manage the
        Software and to help resolve the requests from the Client. To
        avoid any doubts, these instruments will not collect or store
        any Client’s content provided through the Software, except for
        the case in which is it strictly necessary for providing access
        to the Software, Professional Services or for resolving the
        requests of the Client or any other issues with respect to the
        Software. In this latter case, the Client will be notified
        within a reasonable term. The statistical information collected
        in this manner, except for the data and materials which belong
        to the Client, may also be used for the necessary assistance
        required to manage Innoship’s products and services portfolio,
        to manage the identification of deficiencies in Innoship’s
        products and services offers, as well as to manage the service
        packages and the monthly services.

    2.  Furthermore, the Client declares and accepts that Innoship may:
        _(i)_ compile statistical information and other information
        regarding the performance, functioning and use of the Software
        and _(ii)_ may use data from the Software in an aggregated form
        for the management of security and operations, to create
        statistical analysis, as well as for research and development
        purposes. Innoship may publish the analysis, with observing all
        the legal provisions and while excluding any data of the Client.
        Innoship reserves all its Intellectual Property Rights regarding
        all such produced materials.

11. **PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION**

    1.  Aspects regarding the processing of personal data by Innoship in
        the name and on behalf of the Client, where applicable (the
        categories of personal data processed, the categories of data
        subjects, processing purposes, etc.), in the context of
        performing these Terms, shall be described in the Data
        Processing Agreement, which forms an integral part of these
        Terms.

    2.  The Parties undertake to use the Software in accordance with the
        applicable legal provisions regarding personal data protection,
        including the provisions of the GDPR, the implementation law as
        adopted, as well as the decisions which the Romanian supervisory
        authority may regularly issue in this respect, protecting each
        other from any breach of the personal data protection
        legislation.

    3.  Innoship is not responsible and shall not be liable for the
        accuracy and lawfulness of the processing of personal data
        imported in the Software by the Client. In this respect, the
        Client shall keep harmless and shall indemnify Innoship for any
        cost or damage deriving from or in connection with the personal
        data uploaded by the Client.

12. **NOTIFICATIONS**

    1.  Unless these Terms specifically requires otherwise, any
        necessary notice or other communication must be given in
        writing, in English or Romanian, and shall be sent to each Party
        at the available contact details (_e.g., the physical address or
        e-mail address of the Client associated with the user account_)
        or through the Software and will bear the signature of the
        notifying Party or its representatives.

    2.  The notice shall be:

        1.  delivered in person with handover signature by the receiving
            Party, including its representatives; or

        2.  by post or courier service with acknowledgement of receipt;
            or

        3.  by fax, electronic mail or thorough the Software, with
            possibility of confirmation of delivery.

    3.  The notice shall be deemed as served under the following
        circumstances:

        1.  when delivered in person, at the time when it is actually
            received;

        2.  when sent by post or public or private courier service, at
            the time of the receipt of delivery;

        3.  when sent by fax, electronic mail or through the Softwar, at
            the time of the transmission, if transmitted before the
            closing of a Business Day or otherwise, on the following
            Business Day, provided in each case that the required
            confirmation is sent (_e.g., receipt of delivery_).

    4.  In case of refusal of receipt, any notice shall be deemed as
        served on the day of the refusal.

13. **CONFIDENTIALITY**

    1.  Each Party shall treat the Terms and any information it may have
        obtained or received in relation thereto or arising out of or in
        connection with the performance of the Terms or in connection
        with the other Party’s activity or businesses as private and
        confidential and neither Party shall publish, use, exploit or
        disclose the same or any particulars thereof without the prior
        written consent of the other Party or as expressly permitted
        under these Terms.

    2.  The Confidential Information shall be used only for the purposes
        contemplated herein.

    3.  The confidentiality obligation is and remains in force for an
        unlimited period of time after the termination of these Terms,
        irrespective of the grounds for termination.

    4.  The Recipient shall disclose Confidential Information to its
        Representatives only to the extent that may be necessary for the
        performance of these Terms and only on a need-to-know basis and
        undertakes to take all necessary steps to ensure compliance by
        such Representatives with the obligations expressed herein,
        prior to the disclosure of the Confidential Information to the
        Representatives, including, without limitation, to incorporating
        such clauses into the agreements concluded with such third
        parties.

    5.  The Recipient shall be liable to the other Party for any failure
        by its Representatives to comply with such obligations as
        described herein, irrespective of whether the Representatives
        were aware or not of the existence of such obligations.

    6.  The confidentiality clause does not apply to information that:

        1.  is or becomes publicly available other than as a result of
            disclosure by the Parties or their Representatives; or

        2.  is or becomes available to the Party on a non-confidential
            basis from a third party that is not bound by any
            confidentiality obligation; or

        3.  was in the possession of the Recipient prior to disclosure
            or is independently developed by the Recipient without
            breach of these Terms, as can be shown by competent
            evidence.

    7.  Any Party may disclose any information that it is otherwise
        required to be kept confidential under these Terms, to the
        extent that the disclosure is absolutely necessary:

        1.  to its Representatives, in the conditions mentioned above
            under Articles 13.4 and 13.5;

        2.  to protect the disclosing Party’s interest in any legal
            proceedings;

        3.  if required to be disclosed by a competent court of justice
            or by an administrative body. In this case, the Recipient
            shall, without delay, inform the other Party, in writing,
            of receipt of such order or coming into existence of such
            duty and shall enable such Party in a reasonable manner to
            seek protection against such order.

    8.  Upon termination of these Terms, each Party shall return to the
        other Party all the Confidential Information in its possession,
        custody or control. Each Party shall provide the other Party
        with a signed certification that it has complied with this
        obligation.

14. **FORCE MAJEURE**

    1.  Neither Party shall be responsible to the other for the
        non-performance or delay in performance (other than the payment
        of money) occasioned by any causes beyond its control including,
        without limitation, acts of civil or military authority,
        strikes, lockouts, embargoes, insurrections, acts of God or acts
        of terrorism.

    2.  The Party claiming the force majeure is obliged to notify the
        other Party in writing, within maximum 5 (five) Business Days
        from the date of commencement of the force majeure event and is
        obliged to take all necessary measures so as to limit its
        effects, unless the required measures are too burdensome. The
        Party claiming the force majeure shall also notify the other
        Party of its termination within 5 (five) Business Days from the
        date of termination.

    3.  If the Party claiming the force majeure does not fulfil its
        obligation to notify the other Party on the commencement of the
        force majeure within the term provided under Article 14.2, then
        the Party claiming the force majeure may not prevail itself of
        the exonerating effects of the force majeure case, regulated
        under this article.

    4.  If any such delay occurs, any applicable time period shall be
        extended for a period equal to the time lost, provided that the
        Party affected makes reasonable efforts to mitigate the
        consequences of such an event and gives the other Party prompt
        notice of any such delay.

    5.  In case the force majeure event lasts for more than three
        months, any Party may decide the termination of the Terms.

15. **ASSIGNMENT AND CHANGE OF CONTROL**

    1.  These Terms and the rights granted hereunder, or any part
        thereof, may not be assigned or transferred by the Client
        without the prior written consent of Innoship.

    2.  Any Change of Control shall be deemed to be an assignment for
        the purpose of this provision.

16. **SURVIVAL AND SEVERABILITY**

    1.  All obligations of the Parties which expressly or by their
        nature survive the termination or expiration of these Terms
        shall continue in full force and effect.

    2.  If any provision of these Terms is or becomes invalid, illegal
        or otherwise unenforceable, under the law of any jurisdiction,
        this shall not in any way impair the validity, legality and
        enforceability of the other provisions of the Terms, which shall
        remain in full force and effect.

    3.  If any provision of these Terms is or becomes invalid, illegal
        or unenforceable, it shall be deemed modified to the minimum
        extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable,
        provided that this does not trigger a material adverse change to
        the initial commercial understanding of the Parties under the
        Terms.

    4.  Otherwise, the Parties shall make all efforts and negotiate in
        good faith so as to replace the invalid, illegal or
        unenforceable provision with a valid, legal and enforceable
        provision that achieves, to the greatest extent possible, the
        commercial effects of the original provision.

17. **TIME OF THE ESSENCE**

    1.  The Parties agree and acknowledge that time is of the essence
        under these Terms, as regards to any dates, times and periods
        mentioned herein or set forth by the applicable legal
        provisions, with respect to all rights and obligations of the
        Parties set forth herein.

    2.  The Client will be considered as having been notified by law
        (_de jure_) for late fulfilment of its obligations by the sole
        expiry of the term established in these Terms or in the legal
        provisions, for the fulfilment of any obligations under these
        Terms or under the legal provisions.

18. **NO SET-OFF**

    1.  The Client is not entitled to set off any of its claims with any
        of the claims of Innoship based on these Terms or with any other
        outstanding obligations of Innoship, without the prior written
        consent of Innoship.

19. **HARDSHIP**

    1.  The Client hereby expressly undertakes to perform its
        obligations according to these Terms, irrespective of whether
        the performance of such obligations became more burdensome due
        either to the increase in the costs of performance of its own
        obligations or to the decrease in the value of Innoship’s
        corresponding obligation and irrespective of whether the
        execution of the Terms becomes excessively burdensome due to an
        exceptional change of the circumstances existing at the date of
        their conclusion, and the Client hereby fully and irrevocably
        undertakes the risk regarding the change of circumstances in
        place at the conclusion of these Terms, and expressly and
        irrevocably waives to invoke the hardship theory as provided in
        art. 1271 paragraph 2 and paragraph 3 of the Romanian Civil
        Code, whose enforcement will be excluded in relation to it.

20. **ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

    1.  These Terms, together with any documents referred to herein,
        constitute the sole, complete and exclusive agreement of the
        Parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any
        previous or contemporaneous, oral or written, express or
        implied, arrangements, understandings, commitments, drafts,
        promises, agreements or any other pre-contractual
        representations between them that are not set out herein.

    2.  All addenda and annexes to these Terms shall constitute an
        integral part thereof.

    3.  No provision under Article 20 shall limit or exclude any
        liability or remedy for fraud.

    4.  The Parties did not enter into the Terms by relying on
        pre-contractual statements and representations.

    5.  Each Party confirms that, in entering into these Terms, it has
        not relied upon and shall have no remedies in respect of, any
        such representation as described under Article 20.1 above,
        warranty, collateral agreement or other assurance made by or on
        behalf of the other Party before the execution of these Terms,
        except for those expressly incorporated herein.

    6.  The Parties shall have no claim for innocent or negligent
        misrepresentation based upon any provisions set out herein or
        for any such pre-contractual misrepresentations.

21. **APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION**

    1.  These Terms and any disputes or claims arising out of or in
        connection with its subject matter shall be governed by and
        construed in accordance with the laws of Romania, without giving
        effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that
        would trigger the application of the laws of another
        jurisdiction.

    2.  Any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms, including
        with respect to the conclusion, performance, breach or
        termination, shall be settled by the Parties by good faith
        negotiations. Should such a settlement not be possible, the
        dispute shall be settled by the Romanian courts of law.

\*\*  
\*\*

**ANNEX 1 – SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT**

1.  **AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICE**

    1.  Innoship guarantees a level of availability for the Software of
        99.9%.

    2.  In case of an incident, the Client shall inform Innoship, in
        accordance with the provisions of these Terms, regarding the
        problem and the moment when it has occurred. While identifying
        and remedying such incident, the Client will provide Innoship,
        in a timely manner, with any information necessary in this
        respect.

    3.  Innoship shall perform normal system maintenance activities
        regarding any managed equipment/system every 7 days. The
        maintenance activity will be carried out between 11:00 PM and
        04:00 AM Client local time, without prior notice, except for the
        cases provided in art. 4 of the Terms.

    4.  The breach of the obligation provided above at art. 1.1 shall
        lead to a reduction of the invoice price corresponding to the
        month in which the availability level was not complied with,
        proportionally with the time for which the Software was not
        available.

2.  **EXCLUSIONS**

    1.  The following scenarios will not be considered downtime for the
        purpose of this SLA and shall not attract any liability
        whatsoever of Innoship towards the Client:


    1.  Faults generated by third party communication services to which
       the Software is connected for communication purposes (*e.g.*,
       SMS and emails, internet network);

    2.  Faults generated by third party data services which are used in
       connection to the Software for third party data import
       purposes (*e.g.*, the application for orders of the Client) or
       data export (*e.g.*, couriers’ APIs);

    3.  Faults generated by cyber-attacks, in which case Innoship may
       shut down the entire system in order to protect the Client’s
       valuable data;

    4.  Faults generated by the improper use of the Software by an
       employee of the Client (*e.g.*, since the Software allows for
       data import and data manipulation, one of the users may,
       intentionally or by negligence, insert special code, for
       example by uploading a simple file, that would lead to
       improper actions being executed by the Software. In such
       scenario, the Software may become unavailable).

3.  **TECHNICAL SUPPORT**

1.  Technical support is ensured during Business Days, except the
    support for incidents of level 1 and 2, when Innoship shall offer
    support 24/7 on request. For the purpose of providing technical
    support, Innoship shall classify incidents with respect to their
    severity, in descending order, as follows:

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 23%" />
<col style="width: 76%" />
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td colspan="2"><strong>DEFINITION</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>Severity</strong></td>
<td><strong>Description</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Priority 1 – Emergency</td>
<td>A problem which renders the used Software solution completely inoperable or which determines the cessation of a critical business process. The activity of the client is gravely impacted.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Priority 2 – Critical</td>
<td><p>A critical business process is significantly affected or an uncritical business process is not available. The occurrence of a severity 2 incident implies that the Software works, but:</p>
<p>• some components are deactivated;</p>
<p>• it provides incorrect results with a minimum deviation of 5% in comparison with the estimated correct results;</p>
<p>• performance is significantly affected, causing a significant impact on the business due to an issue in implementation/development.</p>
<p>The Client may continue the use of the Software, but with a significant impact on its business.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Priority 3 – Major</td>
<td><p>A critical business process is facing certain service degradation or a non-critical business process of the supported solution is affected or unavailable. The occurrence of a severity 3 incident implied that the Software works, but</p>
<p>• it provides incorrect results with a deviation between 1% and 5% in comparison with the estimated correct results;</p>
<p>• performance is significantly affected, causing a limited impact on the business due to an issue in implementation/development.</p>
<p>The supported solution may be used with a loss of services and/or performance, and with a limited impact on the Client’s business.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Priority 4 – Minor</td>
<td>The supported solution has cosmetic or minor issues, without a significant impact on the Client’s business.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Priority 5 – Information</td>
<td>General questions regarding features and functionalities of the supported solution.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

2.  The Response, Establishment and Resolution times for the occurred
    incidents are as follows:

|                          |                                 |                        |                            |                                   |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------- | ---------------------- | -------------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| **Severity**             | **Response time**               | **Establishment time** | **Resolution time**        | **Final remedy of the issue**     |
| Priority 1 - Emergency   | 0.5 hours                       | 3 hours                | 5 Business Days            | Next system version (next update) |
| Priority 2 - Critical    | 1 hour                          | 6 hours                | 10 Business Days           | Next system version (next update) |
| Priority 3 - Major       | 1 hour                          | 12 hours               | 14 Business Days           | Next system version (next update) |
| Priority 4 - Minor       | 2 hours                         | 5 days                 | 40 Business Days           | Next system version (next update) |
| Priority 5 - Information | Through web interface – updates | 15 days                | Next scheduled tech update | Next system version (next update) |

3.  The work flow in case of an incident (Incident Status Workflow) is
    as follows:

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 17%" />
<col style="width: 11%" />
<col style="width: 11%" />
<col style="width: 10%" />
<col style="width: 1%" />
<col style="width: 11%" />
<col style="width: 11%" />
<col style="width: 11%" />
<col style="width: 11%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>
<p><strong>To</strong></p>
<p><strong>From</strong></p>
</th>
<th>
<p><strong>Registered</strong></p>
</th>
<th>
<p><strong>Open</strong></p>
</th>
<th colspan="2">
<p><strong>Waiting response from client</strong></p>
</th>
<th>
<p><strong>Waiting response from third party</strong></p>
</th>
<th>
<p><strong>Waiting on development team</strong></p>
</th>
<th>
<p><strong>Remedied</strong></p>
</th>
<th>
<p><strong>Closed</strong></p>
</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
<p><strong>N/A</strong></p>
</td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
<td></td>
<td colspan="2"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
<p><strong>Registered</strong></p>
</td>
<td></td>
<td>
<p><strong>INNOSHIP</strong></p>
</td>
<td colspan="2"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
<p><strong>Open</strong></p>
</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td colspan="2">
<p><strong>INNOSHIP</strong></p>
</td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
<td>
<p><strong>INNOSHIP</strong></p>
</td>
<td>
<p><strong>INNOSHIP</strong></p>
</td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
<p><strong>Waiting response from client</strong></p>
</td>
<td></td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
<td colspan="2"></td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
<p><strong>Waiting response from third party</strong></p>
</td>
<td></td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
<td colspan="2"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
<p><strong>Waiting on development team</strong></p>
</td>
<td></td>
<td>
<p><strong>INNOSHIP</strong></p>
</td>
<td colspan="2">
<p><strong>INNOSHIP</strong></p>
</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
<p><strong>INNOSHIP</strong></p>
</td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
<p><strong>Remedied</strong></p>
</td>
<td></td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
<td colspan="2"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
<p><strong>Closed</strong></p>
</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td colspan="2"></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td colspan="4">
<p><strong>CLIENT</strong></p>
</td>
<td colspan="5">
<p><strong>INNOSHIP: INNOSHIP</strong> IT maintenance team</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

4.  Description of the statuses is as follows:

    1.  **Registered**: when the problem is raised by the application
        administrators of the Client;

    2.  **Open**: when the issue is received by the maintenance team.
        The time between registration and opening the ticket represents
        the Response Time;

    3.  **Waiting response from client**: when relevant information has
        been requested from the Client for remedying the issue (_i.e._,
        information necessary for identifying/replicating the issue,
        decisions of the Client regarding implementation of the
        solution);

    4.  **Waiting on a third party**: when resolution of the issue
        depends on external sources (_i.e._, another provider, issue
        escalated to external provider);

    5.  **Waiting on the development team**: when the main issue is
        identified and the solution/resolution is in progress;

    6.  **Remedied**: when the issues were resolved and awaits testing
        from the Client or confirmation for installation in the
        production environment. With the resolution of the incident,
        Innoship shall provide the details of the fault and the remedy
        actions;

    7.  **Closed**: when the issue was resolved and successfully tested
        by the Client.
